You may be an ambassador
to England or France
You may like to gamble,
you might like to dance
You may be the heavyweight
champion of the world
You may be a socialite
with a long string of pearls
But you're gonna have to
serve somebody,
Yes, indeed you're gonna
have to serve somebody
Well, it may be the devil
or it may be the Lord
But you're gonna have to
serve somebody
You might be a rock 'n' roll
addict prancing on the stage
You might have drugs at your
command, women in a cage
You may be a business man
or some high-degree thief
They may call you doctor
or they may call you chief
But you're gonna have to
serve somebody, yes you are,
You're gonna have to
serve somebody
Well, it may be the devil
or it may be the Lord
But you're gonna have to
serve somebody
You may be a state trooper,
you might be a young Turk
You may be the head of
some big TV network
You may be rich or poor,
you may be blind or lame
You may be living in another
country under another name
But you're gonna have to
serve somebody, yes you are,
You're gonna have to
serve somebody
Well, it may be the devil
or it may be the Lord
But you're gonna have to
serve somebody
You may be a construction
worker working on a home
You might be living in a mansion
or you might live in a dome
You may own guns and
you may even own tanks
You may be somebody's landlord,
you may even own banks
But you're gonna have to
serve somebody, yes
You're gonna have to
serve somebody
Well, it may be the devil
or it may be the Lord
But you're gonna have to
serve somebody
You may be a preacher
with your spiritual pride
You may be a city councilman
taking bribes on the side
You may be workin' in
a barbershop, you may
know how to cut hair
You may be somebody's mistress,
may be somebody's heir
But you're gonna have to
serve somebody, yes
You're gonna have to
serve somebody
Well, it may be the devil
or it may be the Lord
But you're gonna have to
serve somebody
Might like to wear cotton,
might like to wear silk
Might like to drink whiskey,
might like to drink milk
You might like to eat caviar,
you might like to eat bread
You may be sleeping on
the floor, sleeping in
a king-sized bed
But you're gonna have to
serve somebody, yes
Indeed you're gonna have to
serve somebody
Well, it may be the devil
or it may be the Lord
But you're gonna have to
serve somebody
You may call me Terry,
you may call me Timmy
You may call me Bobby,
you may call me Zimmy
You may call me R.J.,
you may call me Ray
You may call me anything
but no matter what you say
Still, you're gonna have to
serve somebody, yes
You're gonna have to
serve somebody
Well, it may be the devil
or it may be the Lord
But you're gonna have to
serve somebody